=== Bunions™ ===

What do I write about? That's kind of the hard part. If I don't have anything to write about... nothing happens. A lack of purpose yields stagnancy, and stagnancy is not good. So I guess the thing to do is to move forward, despite the lack of purpose. Do things and hopefully the purpose will follow. Sure, I have purpose, but it's not exactly well-defined. It's vague and blurry. Off in the distance. Is it laughing at me? No, it's doing a little dance. It sure looks like it's laughing at me, though.

Maybe if I walk a little closer... Oh, hey, it's moving farther away! Hey, get back here! I just have a few questions! I don't need you yet, I just need to know what you look like!! Are those khakis, or cargo pants?! I can't tell from over here! And that hat! Is it on forwards, or backwards?! Of all the days to forget my glasses...

Listen, I know you're scared... I'm scared, too! Can't we work together on this? Maybe if I kneel here on the ground, and put my hand out towards you, you can come over and... No, don't be that way! You say I'll be fine? You say I'm doing okay? Why should I believe you? How do you know that? Are you me?

You're kind of me, I guess... but you're not over here! You're not doing the things I'm doing, or feeling the things I'm feeling! If you walked a mile in my shoes... you'd probably have sore feet... I've got blisters! Bunions! Mmm... bunions... Buns that taste like onions... I should patent that.

WAIT!! Was this the whole reason you showed yourself in the distance? So I could invent Bunions™? That's it! I was born to invent Bunions™! I'm the Bunion™ Man! I can see it now: Bunions™ in every major grocery store... Bunions™ in every home... Bunions™ for breakfast, Bunions™ for lunch, Bunions™ for dinner. "Mommy, I want some Bunions™!" "Not until you clean your plate, dear." "But MOOoom... Kyle's mom lets him eat Bunions™ for dinner!" "Well, if Kyle's mom jumped off a bridge, would I? Wait... That hypothetical doesn't really work in this situaton... But you get the idea!" "Ugh... you just don't understand me, Mom... We're not even real... Dinner is a self-defined human social construct bound only by the rules we give it. Existence is meaningless, except for Bunions™. Bunions™ are the truth and the light. Your naïvety disgusts me, Mom. Get a clue."

Thank you, blurry thing in the distance. You've shown me the true path. I see you sobbing quietly into your hands in the distance. I know, I'm pretty emotional right now. If I weren't so focused on getting the Bunion™ gears in motion, I'd be crying, too.